Fix cross-compiling with jwasm (#1306)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Loader: loader/CMakeLists.txt

            endif()
        endif()
    endif()
    if (USE_MASM)

>         enable_language(ASM_MASM OPTIONAL)

Reviewer: Why is OPTIONAL being specified?

> The OPTIONAL keyword is a placeholder for future implementation and does not currently work. Instead you can use the [CheckLanguage](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/CheckLanguage.html#module:CheckLanguage) module to verify support before enabling.

Author: Since I don't have a machine that has visual studio installed, I don't know if it's possible to have the compiler without ml.
The hope here was that should enable_language fail, the `CMAKE_ASM_MASM_COMPILER_WORKS` check below would automatically use the assembly fallback path instead.

From what I could tell, CMake does have some code with [`OPTIONAL`](https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/blob/v3.27.6/Source/cmGlobalGenerator.cxx?ref_type=tags#L872), but it is not documented from what I can tell. Additionally, I don't think it works in general as when I test it on my Windows machine that does not have visual studio installed, it still says
```cmake
-- The ASM_MASM compiler identification is unknown
-- Found assembler: ml
-- Configuring incomplete, errors occurred!
```
with and without OPTIONAL. So I think we could remove it.

Reviewer: Yes removing it for now seems like the best course of action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        enable_language(ASM_MASM)
```

        add_executable(asm_offset asm_offset.c)
        target_link_libraries(asm_offset PRIVATE loader_specific_options)

>         # If wine or similar is provided, or running on native, run asm_offset to generate gen_defines.asm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # If am emulator is provided (Like Wine), or running on native, run asm_offset to generate gen_defines.asm
```

Author: Added and commited

        add_executable(asm_offset asm_offset.c)
        target_link_libraries(asm_offset PRIVATE loader_specific_options)
        # If not cross compiling, run asm_offset to generage gen_defines.asm

>         if (CMAKE_CROSSCOMPILING_EMULATOR OR NOT CMAKE_CROSSCOMPILING)

Reviewer: Update comment.

        add_library(loader-unknown-chain OBJECT unknown_ext_chain_masm.asm)
        target_link_libraries(loader-unknown-chain Vulkan::Headers)
        target_include_directories(loader-unknown-chain PUBLIC ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})

>         set_target_properties(loader-unknown-chain PROPERTIES LINKER_LANGUAGE C)

Reviewer: Why is this needed now? I've seen this property set multiple times incorrectly in our CMake codebases. If it's actually needed please comment.

Author: This was because cmake could error out with
```cmake
CMake Error: CMake can not determine linker language for target: loader-unknown-chain
```
in some rare cases/configuration. Although I think it may be possible to get around that, but it may take more changes with `loader-opt`

Author: I think I will remove this change from this PR for now until I can narrow down potential options

        set(RC_FILE_LOCATION ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/loader.rc)
    endif()

>     set(LOADER_UNKNOWN_CHAIN_LIBRARY $<$<TARGET_EXISTS:loader-unknown-chain>:$<TARGET_OBJECTS:loader-unknown-chain>>)

Reviewer: 👍🏾
